a one any each

able having the power to do something

abase To lower in position, estimation, or the like; degrade.

abbess The lady superior of a nunnery.

abbey The group of buildings which collectively form the dwelling-place of a society of monks or nuns.

abbot The superior of a community of monks.

abdicate To give up (royal power or the like).

abdomen In mammals, the visceral cavity between the diaphragm and the pelvic floor;the belly.

abdominal Of, pertaining to, or situated on the abdomen.

abduction A carrying away of a person against his will, or illegally.

abed In bed; on a bed.

aberration Deviation from a right, customary, or prescribed course.

abet To aid, promote, or encourage the commission of (an offense).

abeyance A state of suspension or temporary inaction.

abhorrence The act of detesting extremely.

abhorrent Very repugnant; hateful.

absolve To free from sin or its penalties.

absorb To drink in or suck up, as a sponge absorbs water.

absorption The act or process of absorbing.

abstain To keep oneself back (from doing or using something).

abstemious Characterized by self denial or abstinence, as in the use of drink, food.

abstinence Self denial.

abstruse Dealing with matters difficult to be understood.

absurd Inconsistent with reason or common sense.

abundant Plentiful.

academician A member of an academy of literature, art, or science.

academy Any institution where the higher branches of learning are taught.

accede To agree.

accelerate To move faster.

accept To take when offered.

access A way of approach or entrance; passage.

accessible Approachable.

accession Induction or elevation, as to dignity, office, or government.

accessory A person or thing that aids the principal agent.

accessory A person or thing that aids the principal agent.

acclaim To utter with a shout.

accommodate To furnish something as a kindness or favor.

accompaniment A subordinate part or parts, enriching or supporting the leading part.

accompanist One who or that which accompanies.

accompany To go with, or be associated with, as a companion.

accomplice An associate in wrong-doing.

accomplish To bring to pass.

accredit To give credit or authority to.

accumulate To become greater in quantity or number.

accuracy Exactness.

accurate Conforming exactly to truth or to a standard.

accursed Doomed to evil, misery, or misfortune.

accusation A charge of crime, misdemeanor, or error.

accusatory Of, pertaining to, or involving an accusation.

accuse of charge with wrong doing, misconduct, or error.

accustom To make familiar by use.

acerbity Sourness, with bitterness and astringency.

acetate A salt of acetic acid.

adjuration A vehement appeal.

adjutant Auxiliary.

administrator One who manages affairs of any kind.

admissible Having the right or privilege of entry.

admittance Entrance, or the right or permission to enter.

admonish To warn of a fault.

admonition Gentle reproof.

ado unnecessary activity or ceremony.

adoration Profound devotion.

adroit Having skill in the use of the bodily or mental powers.

adulterant An adulterating substance.

adulterate To make impure by the admixture of other or baser ingredients.

adumbrate To represent beforehand in outline or by emblem.

advent The coming or arrival, as of any important change, event, state, or personage.

adverse Opposing or opposed.

adversity Misfortune.

altar Any raised place or structure on which sacrifices may be offered or incense burned.

alter To make change in.

ambigue	An ambiguous statement or expression.

Anglosphere English-speaking countries considered collectively (the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, and Ireland).

antisuffragism Opposition to the extension of the right to vote in political elections to women; the political movement dedicated to this.

ar Used to express a range of emotions or responses, esp. affirmation, assent, or agreement.

arr In humorous representations of the speech of pirates expressing approval, triumph, warning, etc.

athleisure Casual, comfortable clothing or footwear designed to be suitable for both exercise and everyday wear

Aucklander A native or inhabitant of city or region of Auckland, New Zealand.

awedde Overcome with anger, madness, or distress; insane, mentally disturbed.

awesomesauce Extremely good; excellent.

awfulize To class as awful or terrible

awfy Terrible, dreadful; remarkable or notable.

awfy As simple intensive; very, exceedingly, extremely.

bigsie Having an exaggerated sense of one’s own importance; arrogant, pretentious, conceited.

bok	A South African

broigus	Angry; irritated

bukateria A roadside restaurant or street stall with a seating area, selling cooked food at low prices.

chickie Used as a term of endearment, especially for a child or woman

chipmunky Resembling or characteristic of a chipmunk, typically with reference to a person having prominent cheeks or a perky, mischievous character.

chuddies Short trousers, shorts. Now it usually means underwear; underpants.

contactless	Not involving contact (physical and technological meanings of contactless are being used much more frequently).

coulrophobia Extreme or irrational fear of clowns

deepfake An image or recording that has been convincingly altered to misrepresent someone as doing or saying something that was not actually done or said

deleter	A person who or thing which deletes something.

delicense To deprive (a person, business, vehicle, etc.) of a license providing official permission to operate

denialism The policy or stance of denying the existence or reality of something, esp. something which is supported by the majority of scientific evidence.

denialist A person who denies the existence or reality of something, esp. something which is supported by the majority of scientific or historical evidence

destigmatizing The action or process of removing the negative connotation or social stigma associated with something

dof Stupid, dim-witted; uninformed, clueless.

droning The action of using a military drone or a similar commercially available device

enoughness The quality or fact of being enough; sufficiency, adequacy.

hench Of a person having a powerful, muscular physique; fit, strong.

hir Used as a gender-neutral possessive adjective (his/her/hir watch). In later use often corresponding to the subjective pronoun ze (he/she/ze wears a watch).

hygge A Danish word for a quality of cosiness that comes from doing simple things such as lighting candles, baking, or spending time at home with your family

influencer Someone who affects or changes the way that other people behave:

jerkweed An obnoxious, detestable, or stupid person (esp. a male). Often as a contemptuous form of address.

kvell Meaning to talk admiringly, enthusiastically, or proudly about something

kvetchy Given to or characterized by complaining or criticizing; ill-tempered, irritable.

LOL	To laugh out loud; to be amused.

macaron	A confection consisting of two small, round (usually colourful) biscuits with a meringue-like consistency

MacGyver To construct, fix, or modify (something) in an improvised or inventive way, typically by making use of whatever items are at hand

mentionitis	A tendency towards repeatedly or habitually mentioning something (esp. the name of a person one is infatuated with), regardless of its relevance to the topic of conversation
